Document multi file upload (#3860)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Channel.md

|---------------|-----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| id            | snowflake | attachment id                                                                       |
| filename      | string    | name of file attached                                                               |

> | description?  | string    | description for the file                                                            |

Author: I'm not sure if this is correct on nullablity

Reviewer: Yup! Filename is also an optional attribute

Author: I think technically, everything except id is optional. Since you can just send `"attachments": [{"id": "123"}]`.

Edit: I added an info block to explain the difference between the structure you send and the one you receive.

    - The referenced message must exist and cannot be a system message.
- The maximum request size when sending a message is **8MB**
- For the embed object, you can set every field except `type` (it will be `rich` regardless of if you try to set it), `provider`, `video`, and any `height`, `width`, or `proxy_url` values for images.

###### Uploading Files

> Uploading files requires using the content type `multipart/form-data` and a valid `Content-Disposition` subpart header with a `filename` parameter.
> You can upload multiple files, by providing an index for each file added to the request body. The index is **not** retained to keep order of attachments.
> For instance, to send 3 files you would add 3 form-data subparts with the field names `file0`, `file1`, and `file2`. The upload limit is applied to the sum of files in your request, not individual files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Uploading files requires using the content type `multipart/form-data`. Multiple files may be uploaded at once, and the upload limit is applied to the sum of files in your request, not individual files. Each file must have a valid `Content-Disposition` subpart header with unique (per-message) `name` and `filename` parameters.
```

| embed *(deprecated)* | [embed](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/embed-object) object                                 | embedded `rich` content, deprecated in favor of `embeds`                                                                                |
| flags                | integer                                                                              | edit the [flags](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-object-message-flags) of a message (only `SUPPRESS_EMBEDS` can currently be set/unset) |
| allowed_mentions     | [allowed mention object](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/allowed-mentions-object)            | allowed mentions for the message                                                                                                        |
| components           | array of [message component](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_MESSAGE_COMPONENTS/component-object) | the components to include with the message                                                                                              |

> | file[n] \*           | file contents                                                                        | the contents of the file being sent/edited                                                                                              |

Author: @IanMitchell Would this be a good way to document the naming scheme of the parameter?

Reviewer 3: I think yes
But it should be noted somewhere.

Reviewer: Yeah, I think this is a good way of doing it, especially with the snowflake callout in the details section
